---
layout: default
title: 常用指令
description: Android常用指令
---
# Android通用
##1. adb shell service
adb shell service
Usage: service [-h|-?]
       service list
       service check SERVICE
       service call SERVICE CODE [i32 N | i64 N | f N | d N | s16 STR | null | fd f | nfd n | afd f ] ...
Options:
   i32: Write the 32-bit integer N into the send parcel.
   i64: Write the 64-bit integer N into the send parcel.
   f:   Write the 32-bit single-precision number N into the send parcel.
   d:   Write the 64-bit double-precision number N into the send parcel.
   s16: Write the UTF-16 string STR into the send parcel.
  null: Write a null binder into the send parcel.
    fd: Write a file descriptor for the file f to the send parcel.
   nfd: Write file descriptor n to the send parcel.
   afd: Write an ashmem file descriptor for a region containing the data from file f to the send parcel.

例如：
adb shell service list

adb shell service call package 95 s16 com.ss.android.article.news i32 1


##2. Dump systemui
adb shell dumpsys activity service systemui

##3. 手机里面的一些xml切换成human readable格式
adb shell setprop persist.sys.binary_xml false
adb reboot
参考：https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/443325799


##4. 消耗cpu
Make the Device in High CPU Usage Stage
adb root
adb shell
dd if=/dev/zero  of=/dev/null

##5. 消耗存储ROM
Make the Device in almost Full Storage (This command is to generate 500GB test file,it takes time)
adb root
adb shell
dd if=/dev/zero of=/data/local/tmp/test.file bs=1M count=500000


##6. 指定号码为紧急号码
adb shell cmd phone emergency-number-test-mode -a 1234:emergency

# MTK平台
##1. 开启AMS日志
adb shell dumpsys activity log x on

##2. 开启PMS日志
adb shell dumpsys package log a on
